Adam Sayer: More into language.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, you should have had a robot voice tell you that it started recording.
Chloe Bilverstone: So, Amelia, I don't know how much your dad has told you about the study, but I'm going to give you some information about it now and then. You can let me know if you're okay with going ahead with it.
Adam Sayer: Yes.
Chloe Bilverstone: That sound good? Yes, so I'll just share my screen. Give me 2 seconds. Okay, so you should be able to see
Chloe Bilverstone: my screen. Now.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah. So I'm just going to read sort of read this out to you, but you can read it as well if you like, so essentially as you probably know, I go to a university in London, and I'm in a team looking at testing a new game. That is, we're hoping will help us understand parent and adolescent. So sort of children between the ages of 11 and 15, their relationships and communication.
Chloe Bilverstone: So the study will involve you playing an online game with your dad today for 8 min, we're going to use Zoom to record a video of you playing the game doesn't require any gaming skill. The rules are very simple, and I'll explain them to you before we start in terms of the information you give us. Like, I said, the video will just be kept safe and secure, and no one outside of the research team will see your video.
Chloe Bilverstone: You don't have to take part. It's completely up to you. You can let me know if you've got any questions. And yeah, if you do want to take part, we can get going.
Adam Sayer: Oh, yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, you're happy with it.
Adam Sayer: Go for it.
Chloe Bilverstone: So I will stop sharing my screen now, and I'm gonna just put in the chat a link to the game.
Chloe Bilverstone: If it gives me 2 secs.
Adam Sayer: You won't do it, do you?
Chloe Bilverstone: Okay, right? So.
Adam Sayer: So.
Chloe Bilverstone: It is normally the kids doing it. The parents just have to sit.
Adam Sayer: Depressing.
Adam Sayer: Well, I don't know.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah. And so you click either keyboard or touch screen depending on what device your
Chloe Bilverstone: yeah, is that all opened up.
Adam Sayer: Touch or keyboard, keyboard.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah. And then, Amelia, you sat on the left.
Adam Sayer: Looking at Screamer on the right.
Chloe Bilverstone: So, so I think it'll be easier if she's.
Adam Sayer: Looking at the screen. I'm on the left.
Chloe Bilverstone: So it's best. If she sat on the left.
Adam Sayer: Yourself on the right.
Chloe Bilverstone: I can never tell.
Chloe Bilverstone: I can never tell with the Zoom, it sort of reverses it, so I have to ask would just be easier with the keys that you're gonna be using.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah. So I'm looking at the screen on the right hand side now.
Chloe Bilverstone: perfect. So if I just talk you through sort of the rules. So this is the etch a sketch. Have you guys seen etch a sketch before?
Adam Sayer: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: So it's basically the same. But online. And you should be able to see a picture on the left.
Adam Sayer: Yep.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah. So we're gonna like you to copy that picture onto the etch, a sketch by working together. But there are some rules.
Adam Sayer: Thank you
Adam Sayer: so not hard rules. So, Adam, you can only draw lines that are vertical. So up and down by pressing the O. And M. Keys.
Adam Sayer: Yep.
Chloe Bilverstone: And then, Amelia, you can only make horizontal lines, so go in side by side by pressing the A and D keys, and the important thing to remember is, you're not allowed to touch each other's keys.
Adam Sayer: Oh!
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, so Adam O. And M. Keys and Amelia A and D keys if you want to, at any point, you can clear it and start over, so there should be a.
Adam Sayer: And shake it.
Chloe Bilverstone: That would be quite cool, actually.
Adam Sayer: That way. It is, yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, but no, it's a bit more boring option. So there's a should be a button at the top right.
Adam Sayer: Yeah, yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, that'll become clickable. You'll play for 8 min. And I will meet myself. Hide my videos so I won't hopefully distract you, but I am here. If you need anything. If you've got any
Adam Sayer: If you are finished before the time is up. If you could just sort of keep playing so just restart it again. We just essentially want you to be playing for the full 8 min.
Adam Sayer: Yeah, no worries.
Chloe Bilverstone: I'll speak to you to tell you when the time is up. And then that's the only part we use for our research. I'll stop recording at that point.
Adam Sayer: No worries.
Chloe Bilverstone: Is everything clear? Do you have any questions?
Adam Sayer: No, it should be all right, should we?
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, are you able to share your screen?
Chloe Bilverstone: Just so I can.
Adam Sayer: Come on in, baby.
Adam Sayer: Where is it you got me on here, aren't you.
Chloe Bilverstone: So the bottom it should be on zoom.
Chloe Bilverstone: Go back on zoom.
Adam Sayer: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah. And then at the bottom there should be the share.
Adam Sayer: We got it.
Chloe Bilverstone: Got it.
Chloe Bilverstone: We're wrong.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yep, and then you get to go back on the game.
Adam Sayer: Good luck with that. I can't see. I can't see it.
Chloe Bilverstone: You can exits there.
Adam Sayer: There you go. Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Perfect. Right? So I'm gonna get the time up.
Adam Sayer: Oh, it starts! There.
Chloe Bilverstone: You guys all ready to go.
Adam Sayer: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, perfect. Okay, I'll start the timer. Now.
Adam Sayer: Not them.
Adam Sayer: I can't go down all down.
Adam Sayer: Come and stop.
Adam Sayer: Hello! That's all.
Adam Sayer: Yeah. The
Adam Sayer: get lined up.
Adam Sayer: Oh, happy. Yeah.
Adam Sayer: Hope!
Adam Sayer: Behold, I think we have to press them at the same time. So if you press up no, you need to go up. 3, 2, 1.
Adam Sayer: You meant to press it. I hold it. You're over there now, I know.
Adam Sayer: Oh, my God!
Adam Sayer: We'll practice on this 1 2 min press. Oh, yeah, hold it down.
Adam Sayer: Yes, right now. What? Down?
Adam Sayer: 3, 2, 1.
Adam Sayer: Oh, wait! Well, oh, I forgot to add.
Adam Sayer: it is alright!
Adam Sayer: It's me. Now wait, wait, wait.
Adam Sayer: and then go down.
Adam Sayer: Gotcha go further than and then we can join up again.
Adam Sayer: Okay.
Adam Sayer: new person. Pick right? Now stop.
Adam Sayer: And then, if I could, what do we across again?
Adam Sayer: Yeah, cool. If I go
Adam Sayer: stop, then you go down and go up and that way. Don't you go down, go down, down, then we go up to the right group go down.
Adam Sayer: Okay, all the way to what?
Adam Sayer: Go down to it. We're gonna make the roof first.st Yeah. And then we could make the let's do the roof earlier.
Adam Sayer: Gonna go left, and I'll go get down.
Adam Sayer: Nice bit brief one, are you? Wait? 3, 2, 1 go.
Adam Sayer: Yay, we need to make it smaller. Don't we back that way?
Adam Sayer: We do
Adam Sayer: fantastic
Adam Sayer: 12, 0, no good question that's it just to put across can you do the word right.
Adam Sayer: man, so press up left, and then I'll show you 3, 2, 1. Go stop
Adam Sayer: down a bit to go right and ready. 2, 3, 2, 1 stop.
Adam Sayer: And then you go up.
Adam Sayer: where are we done that?
Adam Sayer: You, too?
Adam Sayer: Now, let's get back over there should do it across G, 5, back, get down. Yeah, yeah.
Adam Sayer: Hang up.
Adam Sayer: Is it that way back in la, too far?
Adam Sayer: Move up.
Adam Sayer: Yeah.
Adam Sayer: I don't think so.
Adam Sayer: Don't actually try something. Press them all at once. Okay, 3, 2, 1. Go bye.
Adam Sayer: Can you start?
Adam Sayer: And then what?
Adam Sayer: Hello, too?
Adam Sayer: Well, let me show you no
Adam Sayer: cheat with touch screen. It won't work. It's not certain.
Adam Sayer: Alright, you ready?
Adam Sayer: See if I go, someone stop.
Adam Sayer: Where is it? There, I guess. No, no.
Adam Sayer: Who beautiful, isn't it?
Adam Sayer: Okay? So it's this. So if you go keep going across.
Adam Sayer: Yeah, oh, too big. Not that way.
Adam Sayer: We may need to make it smaller. Stop, good!
Adam Sayer: How do you make circles.
Adam Sayer: I think you can awesome.
Adam Sayer: You need to go right. 3, 2, 1, go, stop
Adam Sayer: a bit more, one more, 3, 2, 1.
Adam Sayer: We need to go right? 3, 2, 1 go.
Adam Sayer: Oh, so close. Go that way too far. Yeah.
Adam Sayer: Need to get down, doesn't it?
Adam Sayer: You go down? 3, 2, 1, okay.
Adam Sayer: where are you? Press it once.
Adam Sayer: and then if you go down good all the way down, keep on going.
Adam Sayer: If you go all the way down, and then we press. No. Then it will start there
Adam Sayer: and then, I guess.
Adam Sayer: So stop and go up.
Adam Sayer: Let me know one more. Yeah.
Adam Sayer: let's go. You go right. I'll go up. Ready. 3, 2, 1, 3, stop!
Adam Sayer: 3, 2, 1 good!
Adam Sayer: Stop! Hey!
Chloe Bilverstone: So that is the 8 min up.
Adam Sayer: Really.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, it's cool.
Chloe Bilverstone: Get it?
Adam Sayer: Yeah, I didn't.
Chloe Bilverstone: You find it.
Adam Sayer: Yeah, it's good. It's hard to do, though.
Chloe Bilverstone: Together. It's quite difficult. I'm just gonna stop recording now.